Task/bookmark (#35)
hove-io/navitia_sdk_docs: docs/bookmark/ios/index.md

    try Bookmark.shared.initialize(coverage: "fr-idf",
                                   token: "your_token",
                                   env: "PROD",
                                   colors: bookmarkColorsConfiguration,
                                   transportCategories: transportCategories)                                                                  
} catch {
    Logger.error("%@", String(format: "Bookmark SDK cannot be initialized! %@", error.localizedDescription))
}                                   
```

<h4>Example with JSON file</h4>

``` swift
do {
    try Bookmark.shared.initialize(token: "your_token", configurationJsonFile: "aroundme_configuration.json")                                                               
} catch {
    Logger.error("%@", String(format: "Bookmark SDK cannot be initialized! %@", error.localizedDescription))
}                                   
```

## 🚀  Launching

This module has a single entry point. 

``` swift
guard let bookmarkViewController = Bookmark.shared.rootViewController else {
  return nil
}

navigationController?.pushViewController(bookmarkViewController, animated: false)
```

## 📱 Screens

### Favorites

> The favorites screen centralizes any kind of elements (such as Stations, Bike sharing service stations, Parkings and places) the users add to its favorites in a single easy-to-read screen.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This screen lists all the favorite stations, Bike sharing service stations, car parkings and addresses added by the user through other UI modules (Around Me, Schedule...) or from within a 3rd party application.<br>
```
